oh my fucking god what's going on today
guys what do we did get full with it up
what do we get for Christmas let me see
what did I get for Christmas wait what
do you guys think i got for christmas
think hard it begins with a G it begins
with ag and then the second word is a
seed you guessed a gasoline cards whoa
that's pretty much what I got gasoline
cards I know that might be kind of
boring to you motherfuckers where you
see when someday you guys get a car and
you drive places because you want to buy
shit or you want to eat shit and then
you want to see shitty movies that you
want to bash your fucking head in the
wall because you just wasted 22 fucking
dollars you need gasoline to do that so
therefore gasoline is relatively high so
by me getting about three hundred
dollars in gas cards last year I broke
even I spent four hundred dollars and I
got four hundred dollars this year I
spent three hundred dollars because I
didn't buy my mother any gas cards I
bought her another little fucking Mets
thingamabob it's like a Mets pillow
metsä t-shirt Mets hat amex jacket
believe me that might sound kind of
shitty but my met my mother is a
gigantic Mets fan so therefore she was
fucking happy anyways yeah so I spend
probably about five hundred dollars in
gas cards and only got about 300 back
but then again it's Christmas you're
supposed to give damn it so yeah what
did you guys get did any of you guys get
a hooker no that is awesome that means
you are free from gonorrhea that is
awesome ah how many of you guys have
done the new Nintendo 3ds i still play
mine fairly often even though I beat
every game I'm there you know every game
I have
pretty much but it still is pretty
fucking awesome to play some games in 3d
really is kind of awesome by the wise
guys you know just kind of checking in
with you happy motherfuckers letting you
know that I survived Christmas because
sometimes people don't survive the
sausages because you may choke on a
sausage that's what she said or you may
choke on the balls meatballs that's what
he said or you might just die from
constipation and diarrhea and bleeding
you know inside that's something I hope
that nobody fucking experience because
then you damn it all the good food you
eat comes out in one big push otherwise
guys I haven't been on runescape and
probably about a dayish and right now
I'm going to fuck some shit up in PvP
probably make a new PvP video very soon
otherwise guys we got anything for me
leaving a nasty dirty low comment and
I'll see you happy motherfuckers
tomorrow bye